Add Balsa, GParted, Boxes, Fuse & Virt-manager (#274)
myfreeweb/awesome-gtk: README.md

- [Finance](#finance)
  - [Budget and Accounting Managers](#budget-and-accounting-managers)
  - [Exchange Rate Viewers](#exchange-rate-viewers)

>   - [Emulators and Compatibility Layers](emulators-and-compatibility-layers)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [Emulators and Compatibility Layers](#emulators-and-compatibility-layers)
```

- [Crypto](https://gitlab.com/ErikWallstrom/Crypto) - Cryptocyrreny watcher `#c` `#gtk3`.
- [Markets](https://github.com/bitstower/markets) - Stock, currency and cryptocurrency tracker `#vala` `#gtk3` `#libhandy`.

> ### Emulators and Compatibility Layers
> - [Bottles](https://usebottles.com) - GUI and environment manager to run Windows applications and games on Linux, built on top of Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Emulators and Compatibility Layers

- [Bottles](https://usebottles.com) - GUI and environment manager to run Windows applications and games on Linux, built on top of Wine `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
```

- [Fuse](https://fuse-emulator.sourceforge.net/) - ZX Spectrum emulator `#c` `#gtk3`.

## Development

### Containers

- [Atoms](https://github.com/AtomsDevs/Atoms) - Linux Chroot environments manager `#python` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [Boxes](https://apps.gnome.org/Boxes) - Application to access virtual machines `#vala` `#gtk3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Boxes](https://apps.gnome.org/Boxes) - Virtual machine manager for the GNOME desktop `#vala` `#gtk3`.
```

- [BoxBuddy](https://github.com/Dvlv/BoxBuddyRS) - Graphical interface for Distrobox `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Pods](https://github.com/marhkb/pods) - Podman containers manager `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.
- [Toolbx Tuner](https://github.com/13hannes11/toolbx-tuner) - [toolbx](https://containertoolbx.org) containers manager `#rust` `#gtk4` `#libadwaita`.

> - [virt-manager](https://github.com/virt-manager/virt-manager) - Graphical tool for managing virtual machines such as QEMU/KVM, Xen, LXC `#python` `#gtk3`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Virtual Machine Manager (virt-manager)](https://github.com/virt-manager/virt-manager) - Graphical tool for managing virtual machines such as QEMU/KVM, Xen, LXC `#python` `#gtk3`.
```
